Remove useless `scale` from text HUD element documentation (#17151)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

      a rounded down integer value.
* `style`: determines font style
  Bitfield with 1 = bold, 2 = italic, 4 = monospace

> * `scale`: do not use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `scale`: Do not use.
```

  Note: Previous versions of the documentation claimed this field sets

>   a 'bounding reactangle' for the text, but it never worked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a "bounding rectangle" for the text, but it never worked.
```
